So now, let's install create-react-app,
and use it to create our first React application.
We'll use npm install dash g, create-react-app,
npm install goes and grabs the create-react-app package from the npm registry.
The dash g flag makes sure it's installed globally,
so we have the create-react-app command available in our terminal.
So we're going to say, create-react-app,
and we'll create an app called Contacts to
display the JSX that we've been working on up until this point.
Now, create-react-app installs react,
react-dom which we've already seen and also this react-scripts package.
React-scripts encapsulates a lot of powerful libraries.
It installs Babel so we can use the latest JavaScript syntax as well as JSX.
It also installs Webpack,
so we can generate the build and it installs Webpack dev server,
which gives us the auto-reload behavior we've seen up until this point.
As with all abstractions,
you can peel back the layers on react-scripts one at a time,
if you really want to see what's under the hood.
But for now, create-react-app is a great way to get started quickly with
the latest technologies without having to put in
all the time needed to learn them before you get started with React.